hello you love and live again today
from nature
I want you a lot again today
Delicious hardly imagine what would
maybe many now
Surprises for one of my favorites
Herbs are yours but you have to be now
looking for a quieter place because of
wind today very very far and then has
you at least wind up after the wind
here so idyllic next to one
maisfeld
it is the one who comes to life
to the white geese turkey the
more advanced food is a plant which
in principle wherever you rest them
So I have her for now
For example , I 'll show you right away
found the video where yes if you build
where you fed the whole and where
you actually do not do anything with it
there will eventually be fallow land
places where you can only really and
which is also funny that suits him
she can grow
but most also CONCIERGE country at
corn field edges so you have to say if
you pay attention and you do it like that
a bit through the area and pay attention
one to an estimated problem-soon you will
then find I've just maintained but
The joy is very warm and then moves in
bit hanging Tauss looks head of rum
if I keep here
sad and let his head hang
I think you can see well so
Normally, the whole is your call
but not quite so early
shieldable it hangs a bit that is
yes go on walking but I have
also made a lot of photos moby and
again and again better
then you can imagine yourself
better imagine
this has the computer is just ahead
the more so at this plant so
I think so the taste of the taste
is really very nice of
sweetish too and somehow suitable
great for salads or wester man's
squeeze or just in the free the
now unlike the lion
For example, at the service only then
makes bitter or the juice when you solve
drive very bitter that the presta
are whole and taste I mean I
here in quite sweetish taste, however
a weeping willow a bit just that
was the advantage and then it is like that
the plant actually not so
really
so you will not find anywhere now
somehow so that you could have money
but many good features go away
everything works very strongly inflammations
chains anti-inflammatory and it for that
open wounds very good and straight at
somehow on this post or has
so then do both internally
also applied for very good but man
can let the leaves dry and
can then easily make on good and
drink what I do the most
i am using the complete plant
cuts the whole plant in
small pieces and then would have to in the
salad or when I relieve it
So also everything from stems
bloom or warm you have to say yes and
the leaves
everything is used you can do everything
eating safely also tastes very good
Now there is now I have to look
There are two things you might think about
You should pay attention to this once
he was still fresh right-leaning
still has really green strong styles
and not so pronounced seed
stood here you can see now
It really made a big difference here
ball seeds and small leaves in the
relationship to it and finally dry
in the game
I hope that I was familiar with computer
I have no control screen here
and the only one who says so when it's up
then quite tough and against this one
pretty much what you are like so if I am
watch it even if I things
Break it is really juicy important
that I also know that live
still in there
and, of course , life also beats here
but he has so much drier in it
I want to say so it will be one
plant finds it so dry
then I would not be the bull now
necessarily with food then he tastes
not so good if you have a plant
she still finds it right in the juice
and then I can be really good
They really recommend too much to you
Eating can also be easily missed
I really had to pull hard
that I understand most already
bit picky
and if I plant myself
is still green like it is
really green and thick constantly looks
and does not have so many seed stalls yet
and they really just break off
need those are the most delicious so the
Can I then because still missing
Most of what is out there exactly
okay that was the day I believe the sun
dazzles me I'm driving sweat now
really was today but nice is yes if
I do not complain, I hope so
could inspire again and you like
he picture herbs
bring diversity a little closer
and also after the video I'm back
grateful if the special interest day how
either enriched this video
has and how it tasted and if
you say it more videos of seen
then subscribe to it
youtube and if you say I needed
actually wild herbs book what me
more april on more wild herbs
on the handle overview happiness tips
and so on then i can book my book
recommend link below this video 28
recognize and enjoy lexus herbs
maybe so in that sense
I wish you a nice day one
sunny time and see you in the
next video streams